---
title: A New Place
date: "2018-03-30T22:12:03.284Z"
---

Words are like all other things; When you don't have a place to put them, they either end up in the wrong place, where they make a mess and prevent you from using the things that actually belong there, or you throw them out and waste them entirely.  I've had [benmccormick.org](http://benmccormick.org) as my place for words about technology and my job for the last 6 years.  But occasionally I want to write words about other things, and I've always had to choose between making a mess of my blog, annoying people with over-long thoughts on social media, or letting those words drift away.  

Over the last year I've had the conviction that too much of my life had slipped into the digital world.  My job, my hobbies, my free time... so much of it has been spent behind screens.  I couldn't escape the idea that my life used to be bigger and in some way more real.  So I've been working to change that.  I've been fighting to bring back things that I love that I've left by the wayside like  running, reading real books, deeper conversations.  I've dipped my toes back into things where I'm very much a beginner like woodwork and piano-playing.  I've spent more time in prayer, and want to spend more time with people in person.  I've spent time creating things that exist in the real world and enjoyed it a lot.  These things have brought me a lot of new and renewed joy, and for me the overflow of joy has usually been words.  The words of course  have brought mess, or been tossed away.  But I'd love to see them last.  So now there's this new place. We'll see if it becomes a junk drawer or something as meaningful as my other blog has become for me.  But it will be about the "real things" in my life.  I hope you enjoy it.
